move rdg7 example to samples (#30527)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/aot/request-delegate-generator/diagnostics/rdg007.md

### Rule description

> Types that are used for surrogate binding via the `AsParameters` attribute must contain a public parameterized constructor where all parameters to the constructor match the public properties declared on the type. The `TodoRequest` type will produce this diagnostic because there is no public constructor.

Author: I can revert the text changes if needed, but I already updated them to match the rule.

:::code language="csharp" source="~/../AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/fundamentals/aot/diagnostics/Rdg7/Program.cs" id="snippet_1" highlight="13-14,23-25":::

## How to fix violations

Remove the non-public constructor, or add a new public constructor.

:::code language="csharp" source="~/../AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/fundamentals/aot/diagnostics/Rdg7/Program.cs" id="snippet_1f" highlight="13-15,17-22":::

## When to suppress warnings

> This warning cannot be safely suppressed. When suppressed, this will result in the runtime error `InvalidOperationException`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This warning can't be safely suppressed. When suppressed, results in the  `InvalidOperationException` runtime exception.
```
